So now let's talk about CORS.
CORS is Cross-Origin Resource Sharing.
And this is something you need to know
at the exam for one question.
Now, I'm gonna go in depth to how that works
and that will make answering that question very easy.
So, the origin is a scheme, a protocol
a host, a domain, and a port.
For example, if you look at https://www.example.com
the implied port is 443 for HTTPS,
the protocol is HTTPS itself
and the domain of course is www.example.com
Now, CORS is a web browser based mechanism of security
to allow or to deny request
to other origins while visiting the main origin.
So, let's have a look at what the same origin means.
So, it's the same origin if we have the same scheme,
the same host and the same port.
For example, we have these two URLs,
they're share the same origin.
But, we can have different origins.
For example, www.example.com and other.example.com
And so, if our web browser is visiting one website
and supposed to make a request
to another website as part of the request scheme
then these requests will not be fulfilled
unless the other origin allows
for the request using the CORS header.
They're called the Access-Control-Allow-Origin headers.
So, let's go through a diagram to understand how that works
and how they can be leveraged.
So, we have a web server and that's your origin
and it's https://www.example.com and a web browser.
And the second web server, which is the cross-origin, okay?
So, www.other.com
Now, the web browser is going to do an HTTPS request
into the first origin web server.
And as part of the result
the index that HTML file retrieved is gonna say,
Hey, you must also get some images, for example,
from this other web server.
So, the web browser has a security built in,
and first is going to do a pre-flight request
to the cross-origin.
So, it's gonna say, Hey, I wanna get the options
for www.other.com
And, by the way, my origin where the request is coming from
is the https://www.example.com.
And then the web server, if it's considered
and configured to use the Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
is going to say, Yes, I do allow this origin,
the example.com origin, for the get, put and delete methods.
So, this is what we call the CORS headers.
And, if the web browser is happy with this CORS
headers, then the web browser is going
to make a request to the other server
to retrieve these files
and make these calls.
So, how does it apply to Amazon S3?
Well, if a client makes a cross-origin request
on our S3 buckets,
we need to enable the correct CORS headers.
It's a very popular exam question,
and one way to do it very quickly is to allow
for a specific origin or to allow for*,
that means all origins.
So, let's have a look.
We have a web browser and we have an S3 bucket,
which has a static website being enabled.
So, that's my bucket HTML.
And we are storing our assets, our images
in another S3 bucket called my-buckets-assets.
And again, we have enabled a static website for it.
So, the web browser goes to the first S3 bucket
and say, Hey, I want to get the index,
that HTML file, for this URL right here
which is, of course, the static website URL.
So, we get back the index.html
and within the index.html there is an image
and that image lives on another website.
So, we get the images/coffee
this is the web browser doing its thing,
but this time it's saying, Hey
the target host is this other website,
but the origin is this first website.
And if the S3 bucket is not configured
to have the correct CORS headers
it's going to refuse the request,
or else if it's allowing this request,
then it's going to have the correct headers
and say, Okay, you can do this request
and you can get the image.
So remember, CORS is a web browser security that allows you
to enable images or assets or files being retrieved
from one S3 bucket in case the request is originating
from another origin.
So, that's it.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture
for some hands on
to show you exactly how CORS works.